Display an error during failure of fallback UIA (#10561)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/upgrade.md

See [using a forward proxy with Synapse documentation](setup/forward_proxy.md) for
details.

> ## UIA fallback templates can display errors

Reviewer: Let's be explicit:

```suggestion
## User-interactive authentication fallback templates can now display errors
```

> This may affect you if you make use of custom HTML templates for the
> [reCAPTCHA](../synapse/res/templates/recaptcha.html) and
> [terms](../synapse/res/templates/terms.html) fallback pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may affect you if you make use of custom HTML templates for the
[reCAPTCHA](../synapse/res/templates/recaptcha.html) or
[terms](../synapse/res/templates/terms.html) fallback pages.
```

> There is no configuration option for these templates.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this means -- what would the configuration option do?

Author: Well for other templates (e.g. account validity) there are configuration options so you can give a path to custom templates. I'll just remove that line though because it's probably just confusing.

> The template can now use an optional `error` variable, which is defined if
> the authentication process failed. See the default templates linked above for
> an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template is now provided an `error` variable if the authentication 
process failed. See the default templates linked above for an example.
```
